It's all you, it's all you who broke my good deeds
Why are you a lowly
If you raise it, you will have such a good life
The richest man in Jiangcheng is your daughter
You have unimaginable glory and wealth
And I can only live in Xiaozao Village
When a widow is bought and married
Why do you have any resentment?
All coming at me
It has nothing to do with him.
fart
If he hadn't been blind and couldn't recognize his mother
How can there be so much?
Let go of you let go of me
Don't move, I'll kill you now
No.
Shen Guiying, do you think you borrowed the window ring?
You can have a mother-daughter reunion
All is well
Now your daughter is in my hands
Want to save him
You can trade one life for another.
Not as long as you die for him
I'll let him go
Don't you love your daughter very much?
I'm going to check it out today
Would you risk your life for him?
Mom don't
No, as long as you don't hurt my daughter.
I would.